Learning annotation for wrapper modules of HDF5 and FFTW (#25)
ImperialCollegeLondon/ReCoDE-NavierStokesPropagator: docs/src/getting_started.md

```julia
fft_plan * array
```

However, a distinction is required to be made for the discrete Fourier coefficients with the Fourier series coefficient which has a scaling of `nx * nz` between them. So additionally to a transformation operation as in the code snippet above, a normalisation of `nx * nz` is required as well.

```julia
fft_plan * array

array[:] ./= nx * nz
```
For the treatment of non-linear terms, an additional dealiasing-mode is required, leading to the zero-ing of frequencies larger than a threshold.

```julia
# De-aliasing
if (dealias_mode)
    for ix in 1:nx
        if (abs(tf.freq_kx[ix]) > tf.freq_kx_max)
            arr[:, ix, :] .= 0.0 + 0.0im
        end
    end

    for iz in 1:nz
        if (abs(tf.freq_kz[iz]) > tf.freq_kz_max)
            arr[:, :, iz] .= 0.0 + 0.0im
        end
    end
end
```

The combination of all these optional and package specific features leads to the public APIs written for the `Transformations` module, allowing the develop to repeatably use the following transformation function as ease.

```julia
physical2fourier!(
    tf::Transformer{T}, arr::Array{Complex{T},3}, frac_mode::Bool, dealias_mode::Bool
)
```

## HDF5 Abstraction

> For input/output of velocity-pressure state arrays, the HDF5 package is used with its defined groups and dataset formalism. The public APIs written for the `InputOutputManagers` module allows the group definition and datasets to be written out in code, having a clear separation of responsibilities, segregated by modules. Hence, for a user reading code in `run_simulation!(ns::NavierStokesPropagator)`, `write_flowfield(io_m::InputOutputManager)` would clearly been seen as an abstraction of output. The alternative way of not writing the `InputOutputManagers` wrapper module would required simulation code and HDF5 API calls to be interleaved in `run_simulation!(ns::NavierStokesPropagator)`, leading to convoluted and harder-to-read code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For input/output of velocity-pressure state arrays, the HDF5 package is used with its defined groups and dataset formalism. The public APIs written for the `InputOutputManagers` module allows the group definition and datasets to be written out in code, having a clear separation of responsibilities, segregated by modules. Hence, for a user reading code in `run_simulation!(ns::NavierStokesPropagator)`, `write_flowfield(io_m::InputOutputManager)` would clearly been seen as an abstraction of output. The alternative way of not writing the `InputOutputManagers` wrapper module would require simulation code and HDF5 API calls to be interleaved in `run_simulation!(ns::NavierStokesPropagator)`, leading to convoluted and harder-to-read code.
```

> A key point to make here is the switching of the `x` and `y` dimensions in the simulation code for 3D arrays. In the simulation, since we predominantly use array operators in `y` and loop through `x` and `z` dimensions, it was sensible for arrays to be arranged in `(y,x,z)`, allowing for contiguous memory layout to be achieved. However, normal convention would expect for a `(x,y,z)` layout, hence, this extra layer of complication can be readily address by the `InputOutputManagers` module which is responsible for the HDF5 abstraction. As seen in `read_flowfield!(io_m::InputOutputManger, state::State)`, we have calls to `PermutedDimsArray` handling the permuation of dimensions for the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A key point to make here is the switching of the `x` and `y` dimensions in the simulation code for 3D arrays. In the simulation, since we predominantly use array operators in `y` and loop through `x` and `z` dimensions, it makes sense for the arrays to be arranged in `(y,x,z)`, allowing for contiguous memory layout to be achieved. However, normal convention would expect for a `(x,y,z)` layout, hence, this extra layer of complication can be readily addressed by the `InputOutputManagers` module which is responsible for the HDF5 abstraction. As seen in `read_flowfield!(io_m::InputOutputManger, state::State)`, we have calls to `PermutedDimsArray` handling the permutation of dimensions for the user.
```
